["Rocks" by Primal Scream playing]
♪ Dealers keep dealing ♪
♪ Thieves keep thieving ♪
- ♪ Whores keep whoring ♪
- [horn honks]
♪ Junkies keep scoring
Trade is on the meat rack ♪
♪ Strip joints full of hunchbacks
Bitches keep bitching ♪
PRIVATE STRIPTEASES
♪ Clap just keeps itching
Ain't no use in praying... ♪
[woman] I happen to be
a pimp's favorite hooker.
I used to be a housewife.
and. before that. a biologist.
So it's kinda difficult
to explain how I got here.
- [bell rings]
- My pimp's name is Romeo.
And he's the second-biggest bastard
I've ever met.
♪ Get your rocks off... ♪
This is my club.
We spend our nights
sitting on a red leatherette sofa.
trying our best
to inspire some desperate lowlives
to pay to have sex with us.
Hey. handsome.
Want me to suck on your balls?
[bell rings]
Hello. Charlotte!
[woman] That's Charlotte.
Hi. sweetie.
[woman] The madam.
- What have you got there?
- Just some barbecue.
You know how to treat...
[woman] The only woman in the club
who gets paid not to sleep with anyone.
["Tal vez" by Paulo Londra playing]
[in Spanish] ♪ What can that thing be
That smells so good ♪
♪ But actually tastes bad? Hey ♪
♪ And it keeps me up at night ♪
♪ And maybe... ♪
[woman] There always comes a day
when your life gets torn in half.
And this was that day.
Although. just like an earthquake.
we didn't see it coming.
You don't usually see a sign saying
"Closed due to bereavement"
on the door of a brothel.
But for us.
it was the first day off
we could remember in the last 15 months.
THE BRIDES CLUB
[sad music playing]
[man sniffles]
[man sighs]
Girls. it's time.
[church bells ringing in the distance]
None of the villagers came
to say goodbye to Clarita.
Hey. you want me to go and get some?
What's the plan. Christian?
Bribe people to come to a funeral?
It's because of the brothels. Romeo.
- Where's the priest?
- Want me to go get him?
[scoffs]
[sighs]
[upbeat dance music playing]
[people shouting. whistling. and cheering]
[woman] Tenerife is an island
that has a lot going on for it:
the beach. year-round summer.
and tons of tourists.
So the first time
I stepped foot in the club.
I knew it would be
a perfect place to hide.
["Better" by Andrea Rocha playing]
[in Spanish] ♪ You don't understand ♪
[in English]
♪ You know that we can do it better ♪
[in Spanish] ♪ We know it ♪
[in English]
♪ We'll have them throwing the dinero ♪
[in Spanish] ♪ From their fingers ♪
[in English] ♪ We always do it right
No. we don't waste no time ♪
♪ Show 'em that we got it
Then we leave 'em with an appetite ♪
♪ You know that we can do it better ♪
[in Spanish] ♪ We know it ♪
[in English] ♪ We always do it right ♪
♪ No. we don't waste no time
Show 'em that we got it ♪
♪ Then we leave 'em with an appetite ♪
[music ends suddenly]
[inhales deeply]
It says here that. uh.
you have yourself a college degree.
Mm-hmm.
In biology?
Yeah. biology.
- Have any experience as a hooker?
- No. sir.
You know. people think pretty much
anyone in the world could do this job.
But you need a real calling for it.
Be honest with yourself.
do you think you have enough of a passion
to suck my dick right now
and turn it into a masterpiece?
Well. obviously.
- But I won't be doing that.
- Ah.
No?
Mm-mm.
And why not?
Because I'm not the kind of girl
who starts a career
mixing business with pleasure.
["Earthquake" by Dana McKeon
and Max Mayers playing]
♪ One. two. three. four
Stomping my feet on the floor ♪
♪ Five. six. seven. eight... ♪
[woman] I've always been
a little bit squeamish.
So when I'm asked
what it's like to be a hooker. I say.
"Imagine you don't like being touched.
that the thought of drinking
out of another person's bottle
grosses you out."
"And now imagine
having to suck the fingers
of roughly 25 to 30 people every day."
"We're talking all kinds of fingers.
ones with long nails. short nails.
dirty nails.
ones with yellowish fingertips."
"Fingers that reek of onion.
or cigarettes.
or some food you don't even recognize."
"And you suck them with devotion."
["Perfidia" by Los Panchos
playing in Spanish] ♪ Nobody ♪
♪ Understands what I'm going through ♪
♪ I sing ♪
♪ Because I can't sob anymore ♪
CLOSED DUE TO BEREAVEMENT
♪ Alone ♪
♪ I'm trembling with anxiety ♪
♪ Everyone ♪
♪ Looks at me and leaves ♪
["Perfidia" continues playing]
♪ Woman ♪
- ♪ If you can speak to God... ♪
- [mic squeals]
Ladies.
I want you to get ready.
Today's business as usual.
The show must go on.
♪ Ask the sea ♪
♪ A mirror of my heart ♪
♪ How many times it has seen me cry ♪
♪ Over the treachery of your love ♪
[indistinct conversations]
♪ I've searched for you
Everywhere I've been ♪
♪ And I can't find you ♪
♪ Why do I want your kisses ♪
♪ If your lips
No longer want to kiss me? ♪
♪ And you ♪
♪ Who knows where you might be? ♪
♪ Who knows what adventures you'll have? ♪
♪ You're so far away... ♪
I'm so sorry about your wife.
Poor Clarita.
[sniffles]
She despised the clubs.
So I bought her expensive trips.
designer clothes. and jewelry.
Anything to make her feel
that my girls worked
just as much as they did for her
as they did for me.
But she still suffered because of it.
I imagine it wasn't easy.
It's been a painful day.
- I need some affection.
- No.
Romeo. it's not the time.
♪ You're so far away from me ♪
♪ From me... ♪
How much do you want? Two grand?
- No.
- [knocking]
- [in Hispanic accent] Romeo.
- [music stops]
I wanted to talk to you about something.
It's important.
I'll leave you alone.
[Romeo sighs]
[woman] That's the 5.400 euros I owe you.
So I'm all paid up now?
Well. let's take a look.
G...
Gina.
Here you are.
Look at that. you're right. 5.400.
- On April 14th.
- Mm-hmm.
Travel expenses
and a family advance.
May I please get my passport back. Romeo?
But there are more expenses after.
"Condom supply.
2.327."
"Lubricant. 1.352."
"Hair and makeup cost. 2.490."
[sad music playing]
"Lingerie. six little numbers.
810 right there."
But that's not fair.
You gifted me that lingerie.
[laughs]
Who the fuck are you to be gifted lingerie
from me? My wife? Have you lost your mind?
Red thongs are your work tools.
sweetheart.
Altogether. you owe me 6.979 bucks.
[slams folder shut]
I'll take care of it.
I'll pay you back. I promise.
- Where can I sign? You want me to sign it?
- [laughs] What do I look like? A notary?
[laughs]
Romeo. I'll pay you back eventually.
I just need to get away for a bit.
I feel like I'm losing it.
I'm begging you. I'm really not all right.
I just need a bit of time off. OK?
God gave whores time off
when he gave you all periods.
That's four days a month.
Fifty days a year off guaranteed.
- Like a teacher.
- Don't you get it? I'm leaving.
Like it or not.
You hear me. hijo de puta?
I invested in you. slut!
I'm the one who brought you here!
And I taught you a profession!
I paid for
a college education for Carlitos
and for your mom's surgery!
You weren't calling me
hijo de puta back then!
You're staying right here.
Because with this money.
I could pay a hit man to put your mom
right back in that wheelchair.
While he butt-fucks little Carlitos
that same day.
[whimpering]
You can piss off
when you've settled your entire debt.
You understand?
[crying and sniffling]
- But we could make a...
- Shh.
Just listen.
[clinking of ice cubes]
God. I love that sound.
The ice cubes. clinking in the whiskey.
Relaxing.
[Gina grunts]
["La leyenda del tiempo"
by Camarón de la Isla playingin Spanish]
[Gina whimpers in fear]
[screams in pain]
[both grunting and moaning]
[screams]
Let go of me!
- [Romeo groans]
- [screams in pain]
[screams]
♪ The dream goes over time ♪
♪ Floating like a sailboat ♪
- [crying in pain]
- ♪ Floating like a sailboat ♪
Romeo. what are you doing?
♪ No one can open seeds ♪
♪ In the heart of the dream ♪
♪ In the heart of the dream... ♪
[Romeo howls in anger]
Romeo. stop! You're killing her!
- [woman shouts]
- [Romeo groans]
[groans]
Killing her's kinda the idea.
- ♪ The dream goes over time ♪
- [indistinct shouting]
- ♪ Floating like a sailboat ♪
- [Gina] Hijo de puta. let go of her!
♪ Floating like a sailboat ♪
[woman howls in anger]
[music stops]
[panting]
[woman 2 coughs]
[thud]
[panting]
["La leyenda del tiempo"
starts playing again]
[music stops suddenly]
[woman] These are my friends.
Gina and Wendy.
[indistinct conversation]
We met at the club.
The whole evening.
[woman] When you get to this point.
you think you're ready for anything.
But there's always surprises.
["Duele" by Bomba Estéreo
playing in Spanish]
♪ That gaze that's fixed on me... ♪
- [all gasping]
- [man] Get up.
♪ We all know what happened here... ♪
Now I want two of you to kiss each other.
And then.
I want the other one to turn around.
so I can stick my dick down her throat.
♪ ...that will never happen again ♪
♪ Imagining he'll come back someday ♪
♪ It's best not to think
It's too much loneliness ♪
♪ It hurts ♪
- ♪ It hurts... ♪
- [whip]
[man] You. turn around.
[woman] We've been through a lot together.
but it's always brought us closer.
Although I never imagined
one September evening.
we would be leaving two corpses behind.
[man] Open your mouth.
[unzipping]
♪ It hurts. it hurts ♪
[tense music playing]
[woman] This was the first one.
[panting]
Come on.
[Gina groans]
[all gasp]
[pop music playing in the background]
Gina. hide behind me.
Let's move.
- Hey.
- Hey. girl.
[whispering indistinctly]
- Wendy. Where are you going?
- [in slight Hispanic accent] Hurry up.
- Let's go. ladies! We haven't got all day.
- Shit. it's Charlotte. Run!
[tense music playing]
[woman] To the car!
To the car! Come on. hurry.
[Gina sobbing]
[woman] Come on. Let's go.
Let's get out of here. please.
Right. Gina. get in the car.
[action music playing]
[Charlotte] Romeo?
[tires squealing]
[panting]
[music fades out]
[tires squealing]
[gasps]
We just killed Romeo.
We don't know that yet.
Maybe he's just unconscious.
We cracked his skull.
Blood was coming out of his ears.
How much clearer do you need?
OK. but it was self-defense.
[Wendy] Yeah. self-defense.
Actually. it was me
who attacked him first.
He was acting in self-defense.
OK. we can't run away.
We can't.
Only guilty people flee a crime scene.
We'll look like murderers.
No. sorry. We can't run away.
- But we are the murderers.
- We don't know for sure.
OK? We don't know.
Stop the car.
No.
You hear what I said?
- I'm not stopping this car.
- Stop the car now.
[tense music playing]
[Gina] Wendy!
- I'm not stopping the car.
- Wendy. cut the shit.
- Stop the car.
- I'm not stopping the car.
- Why would I do that?
- Stop the fucking car!
- [tires squealing]
- [music stops]
So what do we do now?
We go back.
And explain what happened in there.
Very calmly. [panting]
OK.
[tense music playing]
[crying]
You bitches!
Hurry up! Holy shit! Holy shit!
- Step on it!
- Hurry! Go. go. go. go!
- That crazy fucking bitch!
- [truck horn honking]
Quick. do it! Drive!
[Charlotte screams]
[thud]
[truck horn honking and thud]
[tires skidding]
- Son of a bitch!
- [woman] Oh. my God!
- Charlotte! Charlotte. are you OK?
- Oh. my God!
Somebody get an ambulance. Call 911.
[woman 2] Let's go. Wendy.
It's time to go.
[indistinct panicked shouting]
Put on the signal. Use your blinker.
[turn signal clicking]
This is really starting to hurt
way more than before.
This is so much worse.
I'm not sure why I felt it less before.
It didn't hurt anything like this.
[panting]
I'm thinking that's because
you were in the heat of the moment.
- That's why you only feel the pain now.
- What do we do? Where are we going?
I have no idea. But first.
take me to a hospital. please.
We just killed two people.
so maybe not a hospital.
[crying] It's hurting me so fucking bad.
and it's burning now.
[woman] Hey. it's OK.
Look. here's what we're gonna do.
I think I should pull the pen out.
No. no. no. no. don't!
That's blocking the bleeding. Coral.
Actually.
the worst pain isn't even in my tit.
It hurts way more down here.
Look. [cries]
[gasps and moans in pain]
[sighs] OK.
Take the road to Santa Cruz.
I've got a friend
who could maybe help us there.
[upbeat music playing]
[Coral] I'm one of those people who has to
pop a couple of ibuprofen in the morning.
Codeine. tramadol. and lorazepam to sleep.
Though I prefer propofol.
Never knew there was
a name for my kind: junkie.
I also never knew
that's what killed Michael Jackson.
But there's a slight difference.
A doctor prescribed his drugs.
A vet prescribes mine.
Three boxes. please.
It's gotta last me the month.
Sorry. beautiful. That's impossible.
Three boxes of propofol.
I'll get caught for sure.
I can give you maybe two.
I'll give you two. and you can just
write different dates for 'em.
You just want an excuse
to come see me sooner. naughty boy.
["Ready to Go" by Dana McKeon
and Max Mayers playing] ♪ Ready to go ♪
VETERINARY CLINIC
[music stops suddenly]
[Wendy] Are you crazy?
A veterinarian? Why'd you bring Gina here?
He's trustworthy.
and he's our best option. Alfredo.
- Butt-stuff guy.
- Shut up.
What are you doing here?
Well. you see.
a coworker of ours had a little accident.
and we need you to help her.
Coral. I'm a veterinarian.
so you know I work on dogs.
I'm aware of that. but it's an emergency.
Right. so go to a hospital or something.
I'm just...
OK. now listen to me. you little bitch.
We'll tell your wife you like to take it
in the pooper if you don't come down now.
Could I possibly
talk to Coral again for a second?
Yo. lady! Hey. your husband's a dickhead
who loves being butt-fucked with a dildo.
Balls.
[shouts in pain]
[Coral] Please.
Over here.
[action music playing]
[dogs barking and birds squawking]
Put her there!
- [dog yelps]
- Sorry. babydoll.
[groans in pain]
- [Alfredo] For the wound.
- [music fades out]
- What the hell happened to her?
- [crying]
- Stupid. she was stabbed.
- By a mechanical pencil?
If you knew.
then why the fuck did you ask?
[Alfredo] Pressure. Pressure.
Pressure.
Press down harder.
Good. That's it.
Now put as much pressure as you can. And...
- [Coral and Wendy scream]
- [Gina] Fuck!
So we had to pull it out.
[Gina whimpering]
Out of the way. Out of the way.
[Gina moaning]
That's right. There you go. That's it.
Keep still.
So in theory. this wound shouldn't
actually be all that complicated.
But this one touched the spleen.
[whispers] Oh God.
it touched it. It touched it.
So. unfortunately. your friend here
is gonna need surgery. And...
[sniffs nervously]
...ligature of the splenic artery.
Coral. look...
I... I can't do this.
Alfredo...
I can't do it. I'm not capable.
You could do it if she was
an Irish setter or a parakeet.
- Or a wild fucking boar.
- Wendy! That's enough. Stop.
No. this guy's getting on my nerves.
for real. You have to do it.
Or I'm gonna stand outside your house.
and I won't stop yelling
till your wife calls the fucking police
and they drag me out of here. Understand?
- [Alfredo] Get outta here.
- Sure thing.
[action music playing]
[music stops suddenly]
You can't give me an anesthetic.
- Because?
- Because I'm kinda pregnant.
[laughs]
- What are you doing?
- [panting]
Tramadol.
- This mellows you the fuck out.
- Girl. are you kidding?
- Now?
- Yeah. I'm a little anxious.
Ah. well. I'm not.
- "For veterinary use only."
- Never mind.
"Taken orally."
OK. that's when you're not in a hurry.
and I need something quick. [snorts]
[sighs] So it doesn't affect the stomach.
And what's this?
For the road.
- [sirens wailing in the distance]
- [sighs]
[door shuts and engine starts]
[siren blaring]
[sighs]
Hey. thank you.
For getting Romeo off of me earlier.
[laughs] Well...
looks like our lives
just got fucked royally.
[solemn music playing]
It's not like we were
much better off before.
No anal today. so there's something.
Since we left before they opened.
[laughing]
[both laughing]
Poor Charlotte.
But that was an accident. though.
What are we gonna do. Coral?
[solemn music crescendoes]
I guess we'll see...
[music fades out]
["Way Back Home" by Michael Holborn
and William Henries playing]
♪ Time. oh. it slips ♪
♪ Rushing like a river till I get
On my way back home ♪
♪ And I. I still feel ♪
♪ Nothing like the way I used to be
On my way back home ♪
♪ Way back home ♪
♪ Someone lend a hand to get me on
My way back home ♪
♪ And my heart. it still beats ♪
♪ To the old familiar faces
And the streets ♪
♪ On my way back home ♪
♪ Way back home ♪
♪ Someone lend a hand to get me on
My way back home ♪
♪ Way back home ♪
♪ Someone lend a hand to get me on
My way back home ♪